Come on.
How's he doing?
Stay with me, Malachy.
Took the file.
Don't. Don't speak.
Just rest. Don't.
[Mal]
Rose
I love you.
Always.
Malachy?
Jake.
Hurry!
A little help!
A little help here!
Malachy?
He's gonna be okay.
Alright?
That's more than I can say for
the fella who did this to him.
[theme music plays]
♪ Oh yeah ♪
♪ Oh ya ee ya ♪
♪ ee ya ee ya ♪
♪ Oh yeah ♪
What are they saying?
Well, um. He's still in surgery.
And the only thing that
they would tell me
is that the
bullet is lodged
close to his heart.
Do you have any idea who could
have done this?
I don't know.
I don't.
But, your father
was working on a
case he wouldn't
talk to me about.
You know your father
never lies, But...
But what, Rose?
But, I saw him meet
someone in the bar.
And I could just feel that there
was something really wrong.
He was going on and on
about some file
when he was in the
back of the car.
Do you have any idea what he
was talking about?
No.
Whoever it was.
Why would they wanna
shoot Dad?
They want Malachy dead.
If that's the case,
they might show up here
and try
to finish the job.
How is he?
Well, he's still in surgery.
We don't know yet.
Look, Jake. I can't even begin
to think what you're feeling
right now.
Are you okay?
Well, we think that
whoever did this
may have targeted
Dad specifically
Can you do me a favor and get a
guard on his door
twenty four seven, please.
Sure.
How's Poppy?
We'll know soon honey.
I can't believe this
is happening. The last thing
I said to him is what do you
plan on wearing today?
'Cause I didn't want our
outfits to clash.
Okay. Everyone just relax.
Father's too stubborn to let
something like this
take him down.
I'm gonna head back
to the house.
And pick up a couple
of things.
I'll come with you.
Des. Stay here and,
you know, think about
coordinating his outfits
for the rest of the week.
[Rose]
Jake,
I know you're actually going to
the office.
To the crime scene, right?
Just-- please be careful.
- I will.
- There's an officer
outside the
door already.
And I know the cops have
combed the place.
Don't worry.
I know how to break into my
own office.
He'll be okay.
What's this?
Where are the contents?
Just--
Take it easy.
Who are you? And what
the hell are you doing here?
Go ahead. Take your shot like
you did with Malachy.
What?
Malachy is my father.
What are you doing here?
Renee Johnstone.
Apologies for the--
Head Hunting.
First of all, shut up.
There's a bunch of cops at the
bottom of the stairs.
Second of all--
Answer my question.
What are you doing here?
I'm sorry about your father.
We worked a case together
years ago.
I'm an insurance adjuster.
What does that have to do with
my father's shooting?
I came to talk to Malachy.
The thief we put away
twelve years ago?
He just got out of prison.
And he wants revenge.
[Hood] You want an armed
officer over at the hospital?
Please. As soon as
someone's available.
Where are we to
with the shooter?
Malachy was
shot at close range.
We're trying to narrow
down the weapon.
Forensics have been all over
the crime scene. Nothing.
Maybe he knew the killer,
if the shooter got so close.
- Where to now?
- Get Forensics back there.
If they didn't find anything
the first time,
they're gonna have
to try harder.
Copy that.
[Renee]
T.L. Fleming's Spruce.
Estimated to be worth
four million dollars.
This painting was stolen
twelve years ago?
And never recovered.
Though Malachy and Rose
caught the thief.
You think this guy Nash, he's
the guy who shot my father.
He was released a week ago.
Since then, my apartment's
been broken into
and my car's been shot up.
For what? Revenge?
Did you call the cops?
No.
Why not?
Maybe--
I hate to say this
with your father shot...
Say what? What are
you talking about?
My insurance company sent me
here to talk to Malachy.
Since it's always
been suspected
he may have been
working with Nash.
You think that my father
is a thief.
Are you out of your mind?
Have you ever met Malachy Doyle?
I know. I never
thought he was guilty.
But--
- But--?
- All leads point to your dad.
All leads. What leads?
Mostly circumstantial.
Fingerprints and fibers
that matched
your dad's were
found at Nash's place.
I'm just giving you
the facts of the case.
We need to find Nash.
And get the truth out of him.
How?
I don't know.
But whoever shot my father
wasn't just out for revenge.
They took the contents
of this file.
Maybe he's using it
to track down
everyone who's responsible
for putting him in prison.
Maybe.
[muffled walkie talkie]
It's the cops. Let's go.
Watch your step.
How long has it been?
This is taking too much time.
I should go in.
Maybe I can go in.
I can help. I can hold
something, or something.
Des, just-- try and relax,
okay.
He's gonna be fine.
Just breathe.
I know, I'm breathing,
I'm breathing b'y. It's just--
Malachy's like a father
to me and--
I just wish I could do
something. You know?
He's gonna be okay.
He's gonna be fine.
Trust me.
Thank you.
[Rose]
Hey.
Okay. He's stable.
But he's not out of danger
yet. And...
He hasn't regained
consciousness, but
the doctors are
feeling really positive.
[ringing]
Hey Jake.
Anything?
Yeah, he's gonna make it.
Thank God.
Does the name Gilbert Nash
ring a bell?
I know that name.
He might be our guy. Just
check your phone.
I sent you a photo
a few minutes ago.
Oh no. This is the guy
Malachy met at the Duke.
Malachy met with Nash?
Who's this?
Rose, it's Renee Johnstone.
I'm an insurance adjuster.
Oh yeah. Renee.
I remember you.
The T.L. Fleming painting.
Do you remember any of the
details about that old case?
Gosh, that was so long ago,
I'm drawing a blank.
But you know, if I had my old
case files from the office...
It's gonna be a bit of
a problem.
Nash-- the guy convicted of
stealing the painting?
He's got the file.
I think it's the
one that Dad
was going on about.
We're gonna have to rely on
your memory.
No, wait.
Yeah. A week ago,
Malachy had me create a
digital backup for
some important file.
- I think this was the case.
- This case?
If I can get into the office--
And I can get my tablet. Then
I can get a digital backup
of this whole file.
That's not gonna happen. The
cops are all over the place.
Look. Just leave that to me.
Okay, I got a few tricks
up my sleeve.
And by a few, I mean one. But
I think I can do it.
I'll go with him. Make sure he
doesn't get into any trouble.
Okay be careful. Rose, take me
off speaker will you?
[Rose] Sure.
Hey. Done. What's...
What's going on?
Listen. Renee says that the
insurance company
thinks that Dad might
have been a part of the theft
of the missing painting.
That's ridiculous.
I know. I just wanted
you to know.
In case it came down the pike.
Listen, do me a favor.
Look after Dad for me, okay?
Always.
[Renee]
The Spences--
The original
owners of the painting.
Seems they've
made a little more money
since the last
time I saw them.
They didn't own this
place before?
The Oceanview Executive
Suites? No.
They operated a small B&B.
Cozy and all. But nothing
close to this size.
They're obviously no one staying
here, with all these
renos going on.
By the way, the wife's
name is Tilda.
They still have their
taste in art.
I gotta admit, it all
looks the same to me.
This is actually some pretty
high quality stuff.
Didn't take you for
an art lover.
Well, you know
what they say.
Don't judge a book
by it's...
whatever.
[Tilda] Back off!
I'm telling you.
Did Nash beat us here?
I said. You'll have your money
by the end of next week.
Oh. Sorry. I had to cancel
a conference booking.
Renovations.
- How can I--
- Wedding. Next summer.
Will the renos be
done by then?
- Of course.
- Perfect. Right honey?
Yeah. Best kind.
If you book now,
the honeymoon suite is free.
You have to see it.
Try and stop us.
What's the security like
around here?
Hmmm. Odd question.
No, no, we just want privacy
for our wedding, that's all.
Well, my husband, Anthony
and I manage the place.
It's pretty quiet.
Renovations. We just have
to cut through here.
You know, we could look
at this another time.
How stupid do you think I am?
Change your hair all you want,
Renee Johnstone--
I'll still recognize you.
This is just great.
Oh man. It's the fuzz.
The policeman. Woman.
The officers of the law.
Did I offend you,
or your people?
Okay.
I'm just gonna ask them.
See if they'll let me
in for a minute.
No, Tinny. No.
You're a police officer.
You can't get tangled
up in this.
If you're caught sneaking around
a sealed off crime scene,
you could be suspended.
Or worse.
But I need a digital
file to find Malachy's
shooter.
- Des--
- Trust me.
I have a plan.
Good morning.
You know.
I just wanna say--
You guys.
You're doing a
heck of a job here.
And I want a lawyer.
Please.
Thank you. Thank you.
Come on hon,
you gotta wake up soon.
I'm gonna head home and let
you two have some space.
I could really use
the company.
And I know for a fact,
Malachy would
want one of his granddaughters
with him.
I suppose I could stay.
But I really could
use some air.
I'll be five.
Do you want anything?
No. I'm good.
Still no guard
outside there, huh?
No, not yet.
I'm really sorry you're
dealing with this.
I am.
We're all dealing
with it, Sloan.
He's gonna be just fine.
Go get some air.
And--
Know that we'll be here for you
no matter what.
You need to pull it
together, love.
We need you.
We all need you.
- Rose Doyle?
- Who are you?
Look, I'm sorry. My
name is Anthony Spence.
- Anthony Spence...
- You remember me.
Give me some I.D.
Right now!
Remind me.
I had a painting
stolen years ago.
- What's with the--
- With the knife?
Yes, the knife.
Look. I don't
wanna hurt anyone.
It's really hard to believe
that right now.
Whoever shot Malachy--
They're
after me too.
You're late.
Well, it's nice to
see you too Sloan.
No.
You're looking great.
I guess it's true.
You're doing pretty
good these days.
That's so cute, Luke.
Like, how you still believe
everything you hear.
Look, I need some cash.
Don't we all?
Why do you need cash?
That's none of your business.
Okay, you make me come here. And
then you treat me like crap.
Same old Sloan.
Okay, wait.
- A friend has a shipment.
- Of...?
I tell you, and
you're in fifty-fifty.
You provide the capital,
and I do the deal.
The deal for what?
Okay, designer knock off crap.
We buy it.
Get rid of it,
And we trickle the take-home.
You've grown up.
- How much do you need?
- Thirty.
Thirty thousand?
I don't have
that kind of cash.
I know you don't.
But your boss does.
So I need you to set up
a meeting with Saul.
Okay. First off,
he's not my boss.
And secondly,
it's Vic Saul.
And trust me.
You do not wanna
owe Vic Saul anything.
You're such a wimp.
You're so scared.
Okay.
I'll see what I can do.
But I guarantee you, he'll
wanna meet with you.
The only way out is
by talking to me.
You haven't changed
in twelve years.
You're still a little
bit touched!
Look. We're here to warn you
about Gilbert Nash.
He's the guy who stole that
painting all those years ago.
He's in prison.
[Renee]
No. He's out.
He shot Malachy,
and he's coming after us.
All of us.
All of us? Why would he
come after me?
Revenge? I don't know.
Maybe you can tell me.
[doorbell rings]
Stay here.
We gotta get the hell
out of here.
[gunshot]
[Renee]
That doesn't sound good.
We gotta find a way outta here.
Stand back,
[crash]
Want me to give you a boost?
Or you can go first.
Where's the painting?
You stole it, like,
a decade ago. How the
hell should I know?
Lady, I spent a
long time in jail.
And I spent every single
minute of it, on the inside.
And I thought about
what I'd do to you
and everyone who
put me there.
So I'll ask you again.
Slowly this time.
Where is it?
Now what?
I don't have it.
I swear.
Wait a few seconds.
When you see me,
pull the fire alarm.
[Nash] If you don't have it, and
the P.I. doesn't have it...
Then the question remains.
And guess what that is.
Okay.
It could be--
[alarm rings]
[Nash]
Renee.
Now I don't have to
hunt you down.
I'm gonna do to you
what you did to my father.
What are you talking about?
You shot Malachy Doyle.
Malachy? What are
you crazy?
I didn't shoot him.
I was working with him.
- What?
- I didn't do anything to him.
- You're lying.
- Stop. Or I'll shoot.
No, no, no.
Don't. Don't!
Just don't---
Give me that.
Nash is the only one
who could have shot your dad.
Yeah. Well, he seems
to think that
Tilda's got the painting.
And until we get it back,
we'll never know
who shot my father.
[Tinny] He's an idiot.
It's my fault.
But it won't happen again. Okay?
Thank you.
I just had to cover three
double shifts for him.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
There's too many,
you know, officers
of the law up there.
How many is too many?
More than one. Less
than nine. I don't know. Ow!
So that was your master plan?
No. My master plan was more
of a bad idea.
And that's really obvious
now. But, as they say,
hindsight is twenty twenty.
So I'm gonna shut up now.
How are we gonna get
Rose's old file?
Oh I got it. I shoulda told you
that first. I realize that now.
But your tablet.
I made a copy.
Oh. Good.
Yeah. So you, uh, you think I'm
hot now that I'm a criminal?
I mean, I know you're sworn to
fight crime. Tinny--
[Jake] Why does Nash
seem to think
that you have
the painting?
How do I know.
I think you know a lot more
than you're letting on.
Don't feel like talking?
Fine.
We'll just leave you here
for Nash to come
back and question.
I got a feeling next time he
won't be so gentle.
Look at me. My father
is in the hospital dying.
And I need to find out
who put him there.
Okay, look. I can't prove
it or anything.
But I've always thought
that Anthony--
You think your husband...
Stole his own painting.
I don't know.
All I know is that he was
acting very, very odd back then.
When the painting
disappeared.
How odd?
I confronted him.
And ultimately, that's why
we're getting a divorce.
That and the fact that
he okay'd these
renovations that are
putting us in debt.
Oh, yeah, and I
supposed your charming
personality has nothing
to do with the split.
Where's Anthony now?
He disappeared,
over a week ago.
[beeping]
Are you sure about that?
Because I think I found
your husband.
[Jake] Where's Nash?
I don't know. And honestly,
I don't want to know.
That's why I came here.
I thought maybe we
could work together.
Protect each other.
Well, if we had the painting, we
might be able to stop all this.
If I had the painting,
I would have
divorced Tilda a long time ago.
[Renee] What about the payout
from the insurance company?
I seem to recall a pretty
hefty settlement.
It's all long gone.
So, this has nothing to do
with the painting?
- How did you...?
- I took it off your wallet
when I was checking your I.D.
What does it open?
Just my safety deposit box.
Barely anything
in it, you know.
Birth certificates.
Stuff like that.
Rose, why don't you
hold on to this
until we know that we can
trust this tool?
[Des]
I got it.
The digital copy of Mal's
old case file.
What's it say, Des?
Well the painting belonged to
Tilda and Anthony Spence
but was never recovered.
But the thief, Gilbert Nash--
Nash was offered
a lighter sentence
if he revealed where
he hid the painting.
But he didn't take it.
No. No, he refused.
Even when the judge
threatened him with
a tougher sentence.
Someone connected to all of this
is the one who shot Dad.
[Renee]
If Nash came after Tilda,
me, it doesn't take a genius to
figure out who's next.
Me.
[Jake]
Well, buddy.
If Nash is coming
for you, great news.
You just became bait.
[Des] It doesn't make any sense.
In Malachy's file...
Forget it.
What is it?
It's just-- Nash was working
with someone.
And nobody
knows who.
What are you getting at?
It couldn't be Malachy,
could it?
No.
I mean. Whoever it is,
probably has the painting.
Yeah, see, but if
that was the case,
wouldn't Nash go after
that person first.
And Malachy was the first one
who was shot.
Not if Nash didn't know
who his partner was.
Like, what if he was hired by an
anonymous party
to steal the painting?
That makes so much sense.
Oh my God!
You know, your smartness
somehow outweighs
your massive amounts of hotness.
Does that make you
feel lopsided?
Just check and see if you can
find Nash's phone records.
Okay.
He didn't own a phone.
So they must have used
pay phones.
Probably to keep the
cops off him.
But everyone else involved in
the case had a phone.
Well, I can run their
phones at the station.
See if anyone made
calls to pay phones.
Yes b'y.
What if he's here already?
Listen.
We've got eyes all
over the place.
All the entrances
and exits, okay.
He's not here. So sit tight.
Are you sure he's
gonna be here?
Nash is coming for you,
alright?
He knows this is your
favorite bar.
He's coming.
Trust me.
What?
What are you smiling at?
You remind me of your father.
You have the same
way about you
when it comes to tracking
down a suspect.
Like a dog with a bone.
Okay. Sure.
He's gonna be okay.
And we're gonna find Nash.
Is that him?
What if he's here already?
Just calm down, okay?
I'll handle this.
Not good enough, Doyle.
Great. Just--
call the cops if
anything happens.
False alarm.
Just a delivery guy.
[man] Spence?
- For me?
- Yeah. It's for you.
Help me! Help!
- Put me out.
- What?
- Come on! Put me out
- You want me to put you out?
- Come on!
- Tell me what you did
with the painting.
Nash!
[crack]
Explosive powder in
the envelope.
I mean that's very, very
impressive.
I'm gonna ask you
one more time:
Did you shoot my father?
No. I'd never hurt him.
Are you the one
that was spreading
that garbage around town
that he was working with
you to steal that painting?
What? No. Malachy's a good
man. He was helping me.
Helping you do what?
Find your anonymous
partner? Or the painting.
When I heard he got
shot,
I came to see him because
I thought I was next.
I came after him and Tilda
to find out the truth.
Call the cops.
Are you okay?
Yeah, yeah. I'm fine.
If he didn't shoot your dad,
then who did?
Renee!
Son of a --
Rose?
Sloan?
Where's--
Jake and Tinny are out
chasing down the bad guys.
- They're fine.
- I, I...
Oh, oh. Take it easy
there young man.
[Rose]
Oh. Thank God.
I need to tell you something.
Nash--
The file.
No, we know dear.
Nash shot you.
Okay? Just rest. Jake's
about to catch--
Nash didn't shoot me.
Renee did.
- Who?
- Renee.
She got the file.
She wants the painting.
I'll call Jake.
Hey. You okay?
Yeah. I'm great.
Jake. He's awake.
Mal's awake.
Thank God.
Listen, I think Renee
is the shooter.
I know. She might be
on her way there
right now.
Just get Dad out of there.
I'm gonna protect him.
I promise you that.
We have to go now.
Renee's almost here.
No, no, no. Leave me. You
both go. You're in danger.
Yeah. That's not on.
Just ignore him. It's the
drugs talking. Come on.
We gotta get you outta here.
It's a good outfit for you.
Very Hugh Hefner.
As you know, the similarities
don't end there.
Guys hurry.
Renee will be here any minute.
There's a man in the
parking lot with a gun.
Come on.
Go through that door!
Go. Go!
Rose!
There's nowhere to run.
Out of my way.
Where's the painting?
You've got a very charming way
of trying to get information.
Really smooth.
I want that painting,
Malachy. Be a good little
private investigator
and find it for me.
Or else.
Let her go!
Rose.
Rose! Rose!
Malachy?
Malachy!
What are you working on there?
Oh, I'm just catching up on
some emails.
You can't do that from
the hospital?
You really shouldn't
be at work during
a time like this.
I needed to clear my head.
Are you sure whatever
it is your working on
has nothing to do
with Gilbert Nash?
You're not in trouble.
Tilda Spence went on
the record.
Nash tried to
kill her.
We found him tied to the bar.
Do you have any idea how
that happened?
Not really.
Well, I got more uniforms
at the hospital.
And Jake's not
telling me anything.
I just wanna help.
Think you can
help me get the phone logs
from
twelve years ago?
What? Why?
Nash had a partner
that helped him steal
the Spences painting.
We gotta find out who.
This is Sergeant Bennet.
I'm gonna need a few
things from the archives.
Some old phone records.
You know, you're
just a little too much
like your uncle, sometimes.
[Jake]
You okay?
I'm just a bit freaked out
that Malachy's in
the hospital
and that Renee
missus kidnapped Rose.
But. I could be okay.
Don't worry.
We'll get her back.
So what does Peewee
Herman have on Renee?
Look, Renee is a ghost.
Okay. I got nothing.
The only way we're gonna be
able to get Rose is--
We'll have to do an
exchange for the painting.
How? Nash. We don't know
anything about
Nash's partner.
And he's not talking.
I know you told me
to wait outside.
It's Renee.
Hello, where are you?
Put Malachy on the phone.
Well, that's not
really possible.
He's kinda out of it right
now, thanks to you.
You have two hours to
find my painting.
After that, Rose will be joining
your father in the hospital.
How am I supposed
to do that?
Hello?
- We got two hours.
- [phone beeping]
That's Tinny. She got a phone
log of everyone involved
with the case. She got a name.
Nash's partner.
Anthony Spence.
You're Nash's partner?
I, uh... I needed the money
to buy the hotel but...
I didn't want to lose
the painting. I loved it.
So you anonymously hired Nash
to rob your own painting
from you.
I had him drop it in a spot
for safekeeping.
I'd sell it.
We'd split the money.
He collected the
insurance money.
Nash went to jail.
Where is the painting now?
I locked it in the safe
at the hotel.
With our
pending divorce--
Tilda, she has control of it.
She changed the combination.
Does Tilda know the
painting's in there?
No. It's hidden in a locked
box in the safe.
I have the only key.
Had.
I'm guessing it's the same one
the Rose took from you.
I'll get the lock box.
I'll figure out what I'm gonna
do about the key later.
What about me?
I suggest you get outta here
and get yourself a good lawyer.
Hi. I'm looking for a room.
[Tilda]
I'm sorry.
We're closed
for renovation.
I can check another hotel and
see if they have space.
It's okay. I guess
I'll just
wander around downtown
until I find something.
Oh!
Damn.
- Cheap luggage.
- No worries.
We'll get you packed up.
And on your way soon.
There you go.
Okay.
Alright. Let's paint.
And by paint, I mean
break into that safe.
- Just hurry up, will ya?
- Okay. Alright.
This looks pretty solid Des,
I don't know.
Yeah, don't worry, okay?
You know, I learned a lot in my
time with the Master Plumber.
Come on!
I know. I'm coming,
Hang on. Hang on.
Okay. Now. It's got an
electronic lock.
So, if we can override the CPU.
Then we should be able
to break in.
[beeping]
See?
That's pretty impressive.
Thanks.
This must be what Spence
was talking about.
[Des]
A safe inside a safe.
Maybe there's another
safe inside--
Like one of those Russian
nesting dolls.
I need you to run a check on
all Tilda's financials for me.
Okay, why?
Just call it a hunch.
I'm gonna bring these
back to Renee.
Okay. Cool.
Should I close the door?
Maybe I should.
Yes. And wipe everything
down for prints.
Over here.
It's about time.
I want that
painting now.
Relax. Jake always
comes through.
He takes after his
father that way.
[Renee]
Funny. I thought I asked
for a painting.
Not a metal box.
Just relax. I need the
key from Rose.
Open it.
And it's...
A roll of paper towels.
So now I have to shoot three
Doyles today.
Or...
I'll shoot Rose!
Then you'll take me
seriously, maybe?
No, no, no. Listen. You have
our full attention.
Do you know I was demoted
because I couldn't recover
the painting?
I lost everything.
No promotions.
No bonuses. No pension.
It took me years to get back to
my old position.
You shot my father for your
retirement fund?
Once Nash was out
of prison, it was only a
matter of time before
he found the painting.
Yeah, and then you wouldn't
get your payday.
Shut up, Rose.
I will shoot you.
Just--take it easy.
I can still get you
the painting.
- You had your chance.
- [ringing]
Just let me answer
this call.
And I'll be able to
get it for you.
It doesn't cost you
anything to listen.
Answer, with the speaker.
Des, what do you got?
Hey, it's like you thought.
Tilda's bank records
show that she
received a payment
from an art collector--
two days ago. And it looks
like a deposit.
Now, why else would
she have that?
Tilda has the painting.
Let Rose go.
I'll go get it for you.
Untie her.
You okay?
I'm going with you.
We'll take my car.
[Jake] Is the honeymoon
suite still available?
You shouldn't have sent your
police friends home--
just because Nash
was in custody.
You're gonna need to give
Renee the painting.
Otherwise, I'm gonna end up
with a bunch of new air holes.
And this whole place will be
covered in my blood.
I told you. I don't
know where it is.
You sure you didn't
swap it out of the lock
box for a roll of
paper towels, maybe.
The lock box? No.
Anthony is the only one
with a key to it.
You jimmied the hinge. And
you took out the painting.
If I had the painting,
don't you think I'd use it
to get my hotel out of debt?
You're about to. I know you
sold it to an art dealer.
You said she had it.
If she sold it...
Relax. It was just a deposit.
Wasn't it Tilda?
The painting's still here.
Right where it's always been.
This is quite a collection of
art you got going here.
Quite beautiful, actually.
Really nice frames.
Except for this one.
That's not the painting,
Jake.
Maybe it isn't.
Let's find out,
shall we?
I gotta say. It's pretty
brazen to have it
here hiding
in plain sight.
Finally.
Please don't let her take
it. Please!
I need that to save
the hotel!
Would you just please
knock it off, alright?
Fine. Send me to jail. It's
not like I'll be there long.
[Rose] Who says you're
going to jail?
[Jake] Rose, what
are you doing?
Did you really think
you could just shoot my husband
and get away with it?
Save it. You're not a killer.
Would you shut up.
Rose. Give me the gun.
Malachy almost died.
If you shoot her, you'll go to
jail for a very long time.
It might be worth it.
Okay, don't shoot, okay?
I didn't plan to kill him.
I couldn't risk him finding
the painting,
But I didn't mean
to shoot him.
I didn't plan on shooting
you either.
- But now.
- Rose.
I just wanted you to
see what it felt like.
What it must have been
like for him.
She was totally gonna
shoot you.
- Hey.
- Hey, there you are.
How are you?
I'm good.
I'm really,
really good, actually.
'Cause if this whole thing
made you, you know--
Scared to sleep alone.
What's this?
That is...
Are you asking me to
move in with you?
Because it's a bit hard if you
haven't move in yet.
No. That is a key to my trunk,
where I keep a lot of my things.
So it's like a
symbolic gesture.
But don't worry.
You're gonna get a real one,
As soon as I take possession.
That's really something, Des.
Now, having said that, do you
think that maybe we should tell
Jake and Malachy
about the fact that
we, you know,
make out and stuff.
No? I'm thinking that's not
the right time for that.
I'm thinking you're right.
Okay.
Do you know I almost shot
that woman tonight?
If it wasn't for Jake,
you know, I might have.
Well. I know you'd hold
up well in jail. But--
I'm happy that you'll be
here with me.
You think you'll
sleep tonight?
Not if you keep leaning into
the bullet wound.
Oh God! Sorry. Malachy!
Please tell me I didn't
just walk in on
something extremely
disgusting here.
Yes please.
Hey, why don't you and
I go for a little walk.
Let these two fellas do
whatever it is they need to do.
Lottie's?
Ha ha, no. The closest you're
getting to a White Russian is
the coffee machine
in the hallway
here at the hospital. Let's go.
You enjoying the vacation
here, Skipper?
Some vacation.
The only drink I've had has
been through the old I.V.
I've got a prescription
for that.
A small one.
Sure.
Well, this has been...
quite the ride.
How many times have
you been shot?
- This is the first.
- Wimp.
I've been shot at least twice.
I'm just smarter. This one
caught me off guard.
Yeah, you are getting older
and slowing down a lot. So...
But I'm sure glad you're okay.
Me too.
Things like this... kinda put
things into perspective.
Are you thinking of getting
another job on your own?
That's a good idea.
I'm being serious here.
It's just that we people--
We tend to think about things
that we want, but we
can't necessarily
have.
And sometimes these things
were never actually there
in the first place.
Why do I have the feeling
that this "thing"
has blonde hair and a badge.
With a killer smile.
Maybe Leslie and I are just
a thing of the past.
To the future.
Cheers.
So Luke.
This must be Sloan.
Hi Sloan.
Hi.
Yeah. So I know it's
a lot of money,
But you know me.
Yeah, I know you, Luke. But I've
just met Sloan here.
And I'd like to speak with her a
little, if that's okay with you.
Yeah. Of course. I mean--
You gotta do that.
Okay. So--Are you gonna give
us the money or not?
This generation.
Such impatience.
I was just hoping that we'd get
it sometime this year.
Ha. Well you got gall,
kid. I like that.
But what you're asking-- I don't
usually deal with your type.
Two reasons.
One: You hardly ever
pay me back.
- I'll pay you.
- And two:
I hate punishing young girls
for not paying me back.
But sometimes it has to be done.
And whenever it has to be done,
we do it.
Make no mistake.
Reputation and all.
Compassion is bad for business.
But you're a smart kid.
You understand all that, right?
Look. Maybe we should go.
Somebody talking to you?
Kent, were you talking to him?
See? Nobody.
Thirty thousand.
That's a lotta cash.
What's it for?
I just need it.
Well Luke tells me you're
trying to move some of that--
fake designer product.
I gotta tell you that's
one big headache.
Easy enough to bring it in.
But you gotta move it so fast.
[Sloan]
Yeah. I know what I'm doing.
This isn't something to piss
Mommy and Daddy off.
It'll work. Because
I need it to.
I think we're dealing with
a real professional here, Kent.
How about this?
You come work for me.
You'll earn it in no time.
Yeah. I'd rather just....
I'm joking.
See, I can be funny too.
Heh, heh, heh.
This is thirty thousand dollars.
With interest, in three weeks,
you'll owe me forty thousand.
You good at math?
I'm pretty good.
You better be.